listen so back in 2017 justice league
was actually the first video we did in
lme on and uh
well they got blocked that said warner
bros still sent us a private link so we
got the chance to check out this
four-hour epic
you know the cut that critics said
didn't exist and we'll now be reviewing
the one fans paid for for billboards to
get the word out
now has billboard ads before it comes
out and i'd say
it's better it is a fleshed-out version
of the main story that we already got in
that i know fans are going to be eating
up since it adds to the characters it
builds up snyder's mythology
it's got extra heroes better action
sequences but uh
if you already didn't care for it i'm
gonna be honest you already know
it's not gonna change your mind i'll
have a full lme to come but with this
video being spoiler free
i'll say that the ultimate cut of bvs
does more to help with the ethical
than this one does in my opinion but at
least the length allows you to judge the
characters the way that snyder had laid
it out
in fact they're encouraging you to see
it in parts let
me explain so as everyone knows the 2017
cut is a steamy pile of warner poop that
created one of the longest lasting film
hashtags that
you know even with it being released i
feel like it's not going to go away
anywhere
but it's finally here and it's full of
extended sequences there's a bunch of
deleted scenes moments that are
completely new
and even more so rearranged so that it
gives you a different perspective of the
story
deborah snyder even came out and talked
about how hbo will be adding these
little tie markers at the bottom to
separate it by the six chapters that
divide the story
encouraging people to watch it over the
weekend kind of like a series which
one continues to mesh tv and movies more
and more like i've been saying
and two yeah this definitely needs an
intermission you know
for every extended scene that there is
there are others that
they just feel too short making the
pacing feel a little wonky but i know
that when it comes to dc fans man
they're gonna snort up all those lines
in one go
a lot has been said about the aspect
ratio which is meant to be seen in
imax so unless you you flip your tv you
will see these black bars on the side of
your set
but it's only to broadcast it the way
that it was shot because when snyder
said that we didn't cut out a lot of
what he filmed
he actually meant he cut out a lot of
what he filmed about 25
more of the framing will be seen that's
meant to capture the heroes you know
moving vertically to
to capture their glory kind of like the
hateful eight you know it went super
wide to get all the characters sitting
in the same shot
he even compared it in an interview to
first cow which is
cool i guess because now more people
will be checking that one out and i can
mention that
y'all should go check out first cow but
in terms of zack's first cut
let me break down which characters get
the most justice this time around
easily the biggest boost from this
version goes to cyborg i mean it's kind
of tough to get justice from the league
when rey was having trouble getting
justice from the studio but he finally
gets
a backstory it turns out that they cut
out chunks of this man's lines while
he's still very angsty in this one you
at least get to see more flashback
scenes that show you why he he gives one
of the bigger speeches within the group
you see more of a back and forth between
him and his father and they show off a
lot of his robo abilities which
i still think are a little goofy but
yeah this man is practically a cyborg
kevin mitnick
out of all of them he's definitely the
heart of the team even though i don't
even think he has one
batman is finally the leader of the
group i know zach's interpretation has
rubbed people the wrong way
more than batfleck has heads on concrete
but ever since adapting watchmen it's
clear snyder's been trying to adapt all
of the sea that way too
seeing how dark and lost these iconic
heroes can go and they can become while
you know still cracking some jokes but
at least they got rid of this corny bit
something is definitely bleeding there's
a big suit sequence that adds a lot
between him and alfred though
in my opinion the product placement just
stands in the way like it stands more
the grittier and more dramatic that the
movie tries to be
but at least this version puts a bigger
emphasis on him being the recruiter the
one who's bringing the team together
in a sense trying to become the father
that he lost and has been hinted
multiple times and they continue to
the role he once failed at which again
seriously y'all need to finish these
damn story lines
wonder woman is one of the best now
she's the shooter of the group legit no
one kicks more ass than her since she's
the amazonian warrior who always shows
up when she needs to
this time around the fights are edited
differently and i think that the aspect
ratio helps to frame the heroes a lot
better
i do wish the cgi was better though
there are some shots with themselves
that just feel
too green screen i don't know they came
off too goofy steppenwolf did get the
biggest upgrade along with his goons
because those are some
ugly looking fools but i will say in
terms of wonder woman they add a nice
line to her bank sequence that continues
to prove she's the most heroic out of
all of them you know
at least as how you judge classic heroes
in every incarnation she's the one who's
never lost hope for humanity and has
held the more optimistic perspective
no matter what director has handled her
character and you know this time around
there wasn't as many weeding crowdshots
superman's resurrection is handled way
better this time around now granted
you can play the entirety of the first
justice league before he even shows up
but cutting that goofy spider-man
homecoming vlog bit from the beginning
definitely helps his black suit is
cooler there's less lines where his
british accent slips up
and the way he returns is blocked in a
much better way that makes his reaction
make more sense
especially if you're treating this as a
mini-series since he'd be coming in
right at the end of the third episode
but his presence is still felt
throughout the beginning because of
lois's morning
it reflects back to that flash flashback
scene in bvs where she's
meant to be the key yet again they still
leave you with bigger blue balls and dr
manhattan when it comes to that dream
sequence
because they're still not finishing
these storylines
aquaman is the badass of the group you
know he's the loner he's only just says
whatever he wants my man do i still
think he's an aquatic kill billy
yes but the atlantean scenes added a
bunch of blood and brains that actually
enhance the action
the earlier sequence where bruce goes to
look for him is extended but still
follows the same beats
it's just shot better and it shows you
how much better the framing can be
that said in my opinion the atlanteans
still sound like 100 gigs when they're
underwater
mira also gets some additional scenes
but she comes off stiffer than she did
in court but i think what a lot of
people are going to love are the extra
heroes
i can't spoil all of them but it is
interesting how they put them in there
uh some of it is very veretro active but
again some of it just makes you
curious to see what else they're
supposed to do with these characters
if they ever finish the storylines that
said they are much better than the extra
villains that they had in my opinion
because
we've seen the destro clip in the first
justice league cut i believe it's a
little longer this time around
and while i am a big fan of joe
manganiello what they do with his
character
is a little questionable and what they
do with leto is
flabbergasting listen i think jared leto
is a good actor but recently the best
performance he's played is that of
himself as jared leto
sneaking parts of him into these roles
and if you listen to a lot of his
interviews certain words and inflections
are starting to find their way into
these crazy characters that he's playing
and
i i don't know what he was doing in this
movie i know i guess i can't say what i
really want to say
but you know holy
guacamole what what a performance
holy guacamole it's like a dash of
suicide squad joker blended in with
a bit more of heath ledger and he legit
looks like he made out with batman prior
to a scene
and kind of acts like it too all i say
is that it's still not working for me
the flash comes in as a comedy relief
and we finally get to see his scene with
iris and of course leave it to snyder to
make a scene that's supposed to be cute
also come off creepy and weird and over
the top as we get a slow-mo of a
hamburger bun
seed right before a vehicular collision
but i do think the way they cut barry's
dialogue makes him more likeable
and they make the lines hit different
for example right after bruce picks him
up there's
a background billboard promoting afsp
reminding you that you're not alone
which
goes well with what barry had just said
i need friends
in all the interviews leading up to the
release snyder stated that the biggest
reason he decided to finish this cut
even for going his cut and donating it
was for the fans
and his daughter autumn who the film is
dedicated to he's spoken about his
connection to man of steel and how he
relates to clark's adoption
how having people who care for you and
nurture you can build you up to be a
hero
yet sometimes you still can't save the
ones you love and as much as he's been
grilled for his use of hallelujah
he mentioned that the rendition used in
the closing credits is a tribute to
autumn's favorite song
by the artist who sang it at her funeral
so as someone who doesn't think the film
is a masterpiece and still think that
there's some
stuff there that makes it drag on i
still think it's cool how it came to be
it may even be more interesting than the
movie because love it or hate it
like the story of the league the fans
united to resurrect the story that they
had a lot of hope in
and proved that coming together can
bring about justice
against a corporation that's still
making bank off of this cut thank you
guys for checking out this video let us
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section for when you catch it
it's only a matter of time before we get
the making of doc for the snyder cut
and then there'll probably be a snider
cut of that but hey i'm happy for the
fans i think it's interesting to see
how all of this is played out from a
movie that didn't exist i guess did
exist to
you know i think they wanted to put it
out without even editing it but hey
this i don't know how you get the budget
for a movie twice over that's crazy i
i'm curious to see how they're going to
play it out i know that they have a lot
of promotion going for this this is the
big thing that they want for hbo mags
they have a snyder cut meal box out
there
i ordered it because i'm curious to see
what the what the what the coffee tastes
like
but i'm curious to see how they're
actually going to play this seeing that
it's streaming like
they're encouraging people to see it in
part so does that mean it's not a series
so you know watching a different episode
you're stopping in is still one view of
a series because it's a movie
that's coming back to see it in parts
count as four times the views
those are stuff that really intrigued me
to see how they're gonna play with the
analytics but
overall i'm curious to see how it all
plays out the reaction to the fans i
know it's going to be very positive
for me you know again the fans are going
to love it the people who don't
you're not really going to care for it
personally because the length i think
it's a perfect
rented to catch at home if you're
interested if you had the opportunity to
obviously a junior price because it is
shot in imax so you may want to see it
in that format at least once
um but we'll see how it all plays out
i'm curious to see if they're going to
continue the snyder verse because
a lot of these are setups he did say
this just talking about how
you know they wanted his version that's
what he gave him and i'm sure that
there'll be a demand for him to continue
it but
as far as the snyder risk goes in my
opinion i'd still put the bvs ultimate
cut as the top of his
ben snyder's justice league that man of
steel um
but i'll be talking more about that all
when i can talk spoilers until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and snyder will follow you on vero